readme.md, before:

# 🃏 Poker Payout Calculator
**The Poker Payout Calculator is an intuitive mobile application designed to simplify the tracking and management of buy-ins during your home poker games.**

---

## 📱 App Preview
<video src="Link" controls title="Poker Payout Calculator Demo" style="max-width: 100%;"></video>

---

## 🌟 Key Features
The Poker Payout Calculator is an intuitive mobile application designed to simplify the tracking and management of buy-ins during your home poker games.
This app offers a comprehensive suite of features to ensure smooth gameplay and accurate settlements:

* **👤 Player Management:** Easily add new players to your game, with an option to designate VIP players for special tracking and recognition.

* **💳 Flexible Buy-ins:** Record buy-ins using two distinct methods:
	* **Cash:** For instances where a player pays with immediate physical cash when they buy in.
	* **Loan:** If a player doesn't have cash on hand at the time of their buy-in, a "loan" can be recorded, to be settled after the game concludes.

* **📊 Real-time Monitoring:** Monitor current active players, total buy-ins per player, and the house's cash holdings at a glance.

* **✏️ Error Correction:** Quickly edit and correct any buy-in mistakes for individual players.

* **💰 Effortless Payouts:** At the end of your game, the app precisely calculates payouts, indicating who should receive money and how much. For cashouts, players can choose between two options:
	* **Cash Payout:** For immediate physical cash distribution.
	* **Loan Payout:** If a player is comfortable receiving their winnings later, particularly from players who entered with loans. The app also clearly shows players with outstanding loans who they need to pay and the exact amount.

* **🔒 Data Persistence:** All game data is securely saved directly on your device, allowing you to close the app at any time without losing progress.


#### This application is specifically crafted for home games and recreational play, making your poker nights more organized and enjoyable.


## 📥 Installation
You can download the latest installable APK from the [Releases Section](link-to-your-releases). 
1. Download the `.apk` file.
2. Transfer it to your Android device.
3. Open the file to install (ensure "Install from unknown sources" is enabled).

Commit message:

Revise app preview and installation details in README
Updated video link and installation instructions with a direct APK link and additional notes.

readme.md, after:

# 🃏 Poker Payout Calculator
**The Poker Payout Calculator is an intuitive mobile application designed to simplify the tracking and management of buy-ins during your home poker games.**

---

## 📱 App Preview
<video src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/05b518be-728c-4a58-b301-937a6946c62e" controls title="Poker Payout Calculator Demo" style="max-width: 100%;"></video>

---

## 🌟 Key Features
The Poker Payout Calculator is an intuitive mobile application designed to simplify the tracking and management of buy-ins during your home poker games.
This app offers a comprehensive suite of features to ensure smooth gameplay and accurate settlements:

* **👤 Player Management:** Easily add new players to your game, with an option to designate VIP players for special tracking and recognition.

* **💳 Flexible Buy-ins:** Record buy-ins using two distinct methods:
	* **Cash:** For instances where a player pays with immediate physical cash when they buy in.
	* **Loan:** If a player doesn't have cash on hand at the time of their buy-in, a "loan" can be recorded, to be settled after the game concludes.

* **📊 Real-time Monitoring:** Monitor current active players, total buy-ins per player, and the house's cash holdings at a glance.

* **✏️ Error Correction:** Quickly edit and correct any buy-in mistakes for individual players.

* **💰 Effortless Payouts:** At the end of your game, the app precisely calculates payouts, indicating who should receive money and how much. For cashouts, players can choose between two options:
	* **Cash Payout:** For immediate physical cash distribution.
	* **Loan Payout:** If a player is comfortable receiving their winnings later, particularly from players who entered with loans. The app also clearly shows players with outstanding loans who they need to pay and the exact amount.

* **🔒 Data Persistence:** All game data is securely saved directly on your device, allowing you to close the app at any time without losing progress.


#### This application is specifically crafted for home games and recreational play, making your poker nights more organized and enjoyable.


## 📥 Installation
You can download the latest installable APK from releases section or [this link](https://github.com/MarkoD0/Poker-Payout-Calculator-Android-App-LocalSave/releases/download/v1.0/app-debug.apk). 
#### (Note: This is a Debug Build)
1. Download the `.apk` file.
2. Transfer it to your Android device.
3. Open the file to install (ensure "Install from unknown sources" is enabled).
4. ⚠️ Since this is a debug-signed version, Google Play Protect may show a warning. Select "Install anyway" to proceed.
